sports = The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is expecting a windfall from the Indian Premier League (IPL) media rights auction, which gets underway here on Monday with top companies from across the globe participating.
sports = "Tickets worth Rupees 52,36,000 were unsold. Why all the tickets were not sold-out? DDCA started online ticket sale quite late that too without proper advertisement," Khanna claimed in a media release.
sports = Axar Patel has become the highest placed India bowler in the latest ICC ODI rankings after breaking into the top-10 bowler's list while legspinner Amit Mishra has vaulted 25 places to enter the top-20.
sports = TOI Sports runs the rule over the performers for India during their 3-2 ODI series win over New Zealand. A report card on the players who featured in India's first ODI series win at home in two years, over NZ across five matches.
sports = Mishra didn't mince words when asked about the frustration of having to sit out, but added that coach Anil Kumble's tips had helped him tide over the low phase.
sports = India completed a 3-2 series win over New Zealand by beating them in the decider at Vizag by 190 runs. Here we look at the several passages of play that stood out during the match.
sports = Amit Mishra finished with 5/18, his second ODI five-wicket haul as India beat New Zealand by a whopping 190 runs at Visakhapatnam to clinch the five match ODI series 3-2. Mishra was named both Man of the Match and the Player of the series.
sports = Dhoni lavished praise on his bowlers for the resounding series-clinching win over New Zealand in the fifth and final ODI, describing the effort as "one of the best performances by the bowlers".
sports = "His (Anil Kumble) mental support is the biggest thing for me. I sat out for the entire Test series but he supported me mentally and told me "don't worry, your time will come"," leg-spinner Amit Mishra said.
sports = Bruised and battered by India after being bundled out for a meagre 79 while chasing 270 in the series-deciding fifth and final ODI, New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson today termed the performance of his batting department as "frustrating".
sports = The New Zealanders, after being thrashed in the three-match Test series, were expected to put up a much improved show in the One-dayers – a format which they have done well in over the years.
sports = Dhoni faced the conventional white ball and practised his trademark shots in a lengthy session at the nets. The series poised at 2-2, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane and Virat Kohli stayed away from the nets.
sports = "I think the guys are pretty excited to do what no other NZ side has ever done before - come over here and win a one-day series. The excitement in the group is very high," Tim Southee said on the eve of the series decider.
sports = ​​Jadhav, who's playing in place of an indisposed Suresh Raina, bowled for the first time in international cricket when MS Dhoni gave him the ball ahead of the regular spin duo of Axar Patel and Amit Mishra on a seaming Dharamsala track in the first one-dayer.
sports = After scores of 0, 12, 7* and 3, MS Dhoni was sent up the order to No. 3 against Pakistan and proceed to smash 148 off 123 balls with 15 fours and four sixes, setting the platform for India's 356/9 at Visakhapatnam in April 2005.
sports = With conditions overcast, the last thing India would want is a wash-out. Despite weakening, cyclone Kyant, there's forecast of localised downpours as both the teams will keep their fingers crossed.
sports = "Batting down the order is one of the toughest things to do. You don't get a (ready-made) player who's complete, who bats at No.5, 6 or 7, all the time," skipper MS Dhoni said.
sports = Sourav Ganguly insisted that Mahendra Singh Dhoni should stick to batting at No 4 which will enable him and Virat Kohli could play the finishers' role. The former Indian captain however said India were not becoming too much over dependent on Kohli.
sports = Eyeing a historic bilateral ODI series win in India, New Zealand batsman Ross Taylor said they are hungry to win the five-match series decider on Saturday and make up for the 0-3 whitewash in Tests. "You don't often win series away from home especially in the sub-continent," Taylor said.
sports = India's limited overs skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has said that the job of a finisher is one of the toughest and it is difficult to find a 'complete' player who is adept at batting in lower order and take the team through when the chips are down.
education = BJP president Amit Shah today pitched for linking the country's education system with its cultural ethos to remove "distortions" as he termed dynasty politics, casteism and minority appeasement as "cankers" affecting the country.
education = The HRD ministry has appointed a new nine-member panel, headed by space scientist Krishnaswamy Kasturirangan, to work on a New Education Policy. The new panel is expected to recast India's education policy. The panelists belong to different age groups which would be bring more experience.
education = The Delhi High Court has remarked that the Central Board of Secondary Education's examiners would also make mistakes or errors in totalling of marks and evaluation. In the wake of several petitions being moved by students, Delhi High Court to examine scrapping re-evaluation of answersheets'.
education = Amid allegations of "faulty evaluation process" adopted for class XII exams, the CBSE on 79 clarified that it has received requests for verification of marks from only 2.47 per cent of the students. A total of 10,98,891 students appeared for the CBSE Class 12 exams this year.
education = Children of HIV positive patients will now be entitled to free education in private schools up to Class XII under the Right to Education (RTE). Children between three and seven years will be given admissions in nursery and Class I from this academic year (2017-18).
education = Girls outshone boys yet again in the Maharashtra Board's class X examination results, declared on Tuesday. Girls recorded a better pass percentage. The state Secondary School Certificate (SSC) class X examination results registered an overall pass percentage of 88.74.
education = ​The CBSE moves Supreme Court for stay of Madras High Court​ order against publication of  NEET 2017 for admission to MBBS and BDS courses across the country. The apex court said it would hear on June 12 the matter which concerns the fate of around 12 lakh aspirants for MBBS and BDS courses.
education = University of Delhi has been ranked among the top ten varsities in the country by Quacquarelli Symonds University World Rankings. Karnataka's Manipal University was ranked highest among private universities in the country.
education = UGC asked educational institutions to not forfeit the full fee from students who don't join. They should rather deduct not more than Rs 1,000 and refund the rest amount. The institutions have also been asked to not retain original certificates forcing retention of admitted students.
education = In an innovative move, the Higher Education Department of Haryana roped in a Gurgaon-based music band – Paddy Boyz – for a series of concerts and musical workshops, which will be conducted at various colleges across the state.
education = Visva-Bharati vice-chancellor Sushanta Duttagupta joined duty on Monday — the quiet “re-entry” triggering more commotion and controversy than his dramatic midnight departure a month ago, after having mailed his resignation letter to President Pranab Mukherjee.
education = The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)
education = Her assertion came on a day when she met an eight-member delegation including representatives from students union of Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University her at her residence.
education = The religious body also recommended that students appearing for competitive examinations should be allowed to answer questions in Urdu.
education = The Gujarat Forensic Science University (GFSU) and Canberra Institute of Technology (CIT) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for students, teachers and technology exchange programme, a statement said.
education = DU students and Pinjra Tod campaigners Shambhavi Vikram Singh and Subhashini Shriya received calls from an unknown mobile number, threatening to "beat [them] up" for pasting their posters over some others on the Wall of Democracy in North Campus.
education = Bedridden for four years, Paawan Gaur (19), a resident of Kota, grabs a seat in the prestigious University of California, San Diego in the US, along with an internship offer from Nasa.
education = Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) along with BMC’s M-east ward held a workshop on - Total Sanitation at the TISS campus on Friday.
education = A 50-year-old railway employee in Mumbai has been doubling up as teacher for scores of needy students and children of his colleagues for the past three decades, helping them crack several competitive exams.
education = Plan is to carry out local research
business = India's exports to China registered a sharp increase of over 53 per cent year-on-year to reach $1.24 billion in October, but the trade deficit continued to mount, according to data released by the customs. The trade deficit for October stood at $3.86 billion.
business = To connect unserved and under-served aerodromes as well as make flying more affordable, the ministry has launched Ude Desh ka Aam Naagrik (UDAN) and as many as 128 routes connecting 70 airports were awarded in the first round of bidding.
business = Top execs and promoters of some Bitcoin exchanges have been asked to explain their business model and how much tax could be levied on their revenues.
business = The government is likely to raise around Rs 70,000 crore by February 2018 as part of the total Rs 1.35 lakh crore to be met through recapitalisation bonds.
business = The policy is likely to be announced in the upcoming Budget, the last full one that will be presented by this government before general elections in 2019.
business = Indian enterprises have been quick to adopt artificial intelligence (AI) with nearly one in five organizations implementing it in some way, said an Intel India commissioned report undertaken by research firm IDC. By mid-2019, about seven in 10 firms are anticipated to deploy AI.
business = A new electronics manufacturing policy is on the anvil and work is also on for rolling out an upgraded software products architecture as the government lays down measures to boost India’s digital economy to $1 trillion over the coming years.
business = While ​​UAE is gearing up to levy VAT from January 1, 2018 at rate of 5%, other GCC members plan to bring in VAT a year later.
tech = The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively
tech = Apple has announced biggest-ever price drop for its smartphones in India. Under the new pricing, iPhone 6S (128GB), carying an MRP of Rs 82,000, will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000. iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available at an MRP of Rs 70,000,  the smartphone too has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, too has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE will now be available at Rs 44,000.
tech = A public interest litigation in the Delhi High Court (HC) challenges the change in WhatsApp's privacy policy.
tech = iOS 10 reached 14.45% of eligible devices in the first 24 hours of its release. In comparison, iOS 9 was on 12.60% of eligible device within 24 hours of it being released for all users.
tech = Fitness tracking wearables maker Fitbit recently launched its Charge 2 and Flex 2 fitness trackers in India. While the Flex 2 is priced at Rs 9,499, the more expensive Charge 2 bears a price tag of Rs 14,999. The new Fitbit Charge 2 has a heart-rate monitor, a feature previously limited to the 'HR' edition of the Charge only. It comes with a touch-sensitive OLED display, as well as a 3-axis accelerometer, an altimeter and a vibration motor. Fitbit Charge 2 syncs with its companion smartphone app over Bluetooth.
tech = All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new smartphones.
tech = Apple CEO Tim Cook is a man of few words. In an interview to Washington Post, the usually reticent CEO of one of the world's most valuable company talked about a number of things including the 'enormous India opportunity', Steve Jobs, mistakes made during his tenure so far and much more.
tech = ​Reliance Communications and Aircel will hold 50% stake each in the new combined entity, which will be listed later. Both companies will also transfer debt of Rs 14,000 crore each. As for the net worth of the new company, it’ll be around Rs 35,000 crore.​
tech = Although a significant increase, Android Marshmallow still lies below Android Lollipop, and Kitkat on the list. As per the latest distribution numbers, Android Lollipop 5.0 and v5.1 together run on 35% Android devices, followed by Android Kitkat 4.4 with a 27.7% share.
tech = To download watchOS 3, users are recommended to install the latest iOS version and keep the Apple Watch’s minimum charge of up to 50%.
tech = Instant messaging platform WhatsApp today opposed in Delhi High Court a plea alleging that privacy of its users has been threatened by a new privacy policy announced by Facebook, saying regulations were in place and the latter does not have access to any data as it provides end-to-end encryption.
tech = The feature lets users browse through groups divided into 25 categories such as parenting, sports, food, buy & sell and more. Each topic page highlights the top suggested groups, based on popularity and group members that users might already know.
tech = Lenovo-owned Motorola is all set to launch its latest budget smartphone – Moto E3 Power, in India. The company has confirmed on its social channels that it will be launching the Moto E3 Power at an event scheduled for September 19. The smartphone will be available exclusively on Flipakrt.
tech = Financial technology startup Finomena lets you buy high-end products and devices through EMIs without a credit score.
tech = Apple's latest mobile operating system -- iOS 10 -- is rolling our to users globally starting today.
tech = Telecom operator Reliance Communications today posted 5.8% rise in consolidated net profit to Rs 54 crore for the three-month period ended June 30.
tech = Several user reports and news websites mentioned that after the installation process the handset showed an error prompting users to plug it to iTunes on a PC. On connecting, another error cropped up which read, “There is a problem with the iPhone 'iPhone' that requires it to be updated or restored.”
tech = Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn’t have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe’s Lightroom app for the same.
tech = Videocon Mobiles has launched its latest 4G smartphone, Cube 3 (V50JL) in India. Priced at Rs 8,490, the smartphone will available across all retail stores.
health = Blood clots, which are responsible foir killing many people every year, can now be treated without needles, i.e by oral medication. 
health = Doctors have operated on a woman which they claim is the first hysterectomy in Europe through a tiny incision in her belly button, leaving no visible outward scars.
health = The Australian Herpes Management Forum says that once you are affected with the Herpes virus, it stays in the body and can reactivate at any time.
health = Scientists claimed to have developed a new variety of broccoli that is not only grown naturally, but also tastes sweeter and has 40% more anti-oxidants than the normal to reduce risks of heart disease and cancer. 
health = Want to lead a healthy life and free your home from bacteria? Perform 'havan' at regular intervals. 
health = It's a dream come true for tired-out-moms, a revolutionary new cot mattress which mimics the sensation of the womb to keep babies happy at night. 
health = With India battling swine flu, an eminent Indian-American doctor has said it is the right time the government in the country accelerate process of training its doctors in infectious diseases or else it could be too late to bring the situation under control. 
health = Are the rising swine flu casualties giving you jitters?
health = Cadila Pharmaceutical will seek the govt's nod in two days for initiating clinical trials for a vaccine against swine flu.
health = A new study has claimed synthetic bedding can aggravate asthma more than feather products as it contains high levels of fungal cells.
health = As countries grapple with the Swine flu, experts have warned that a new wave of the deadly virus is ready and could sicken millions. 
health = Scientists have developed a "molecular condom", which they claim is a vaginal gel to help protect women from contracting HIV during sexual intercourse.
health = At a time the country is grappling with H1N1 virus and Tamiflu tablet is belived to be the only solution, a well-known medical practitioner today claimed that people can have a cost-effective treatment in homeopathy for swine flu.
health = Fewer women in India now suffer from cervical cancer - counted among the worst of killers. However, breast cancer cases have shot up alarmingly.
health = Scientists in Japan have managed to grow teeth from stem cells, a development that could make dentures redundant.
health = According to University of Oxford, Men who do household chores are more likely to marry a girl of their choice. 
health = Gynaecologists have noticed a sharp spike in cases of menstrual complications among young women who are repeatedly using OTC EC and abortion pills.
health = Why is every alternate person in rural India above the age of 40 blinded by cataract when only one in five in cities has the disease?
health = India is heading towards a diabetic explosion with 70 million people to be affected by 2015, a decade ahead of expectations.
health = Don't text while driving as a new study suggests that doing so increases the risk of a crash much more than talking or listening on a mobile phone. 